
You know what they call a Quarter Pounder with Cheese in Paris?., "They don't call it a Quarter Pounder with Cheese?"
No, they got the metric system there. They wouldn't know what the fuck a Quarter Pounder with Cheese is., "They got any Royales with Cheese?"
fuck, Vincent. What do they call a Royale with Cheese?., "I dunno, Jules. They probably call it a Royale with Cheese."
See? They got the fuck metric system. What the fuck is a Royale with Cheese?., "It's tiny. We should just drop the whole thing."
We should. We should just drop the whole fucking thing., "Let's go get some fuck grub. I'm starving."
Have you looked everywhere? Under the sofa? In the backs of drawers? In your mate's bum?., "Everywhere. There's no sign of it."
Everywhere. There's no sign of it., "Well, keep looking! Because that diamond better turn up, or you'll be looking at a right royal fucking shoeing!"
You alright for Saturday night, Tommy? Feeling lucky?, "As a leprechaun's fuck, Turkish. I'm gonna flatten Mickey like a pancake."
As a leprechaun's fuck, Turkish. I'm gonna flatten Mickey like a pancake., "Good. Just remember what we talked about. No diving, no fouls. Just a clean fight."
Right, so you want your money back. No problem. But there will be a slight surcharge. A kind of... inconvenience fee., "Inconvenience fee? What inconvenience fee?"
Inconvenience fee? What inconvenience fee?, "Let's call it a 'late payment penalty.' Ten percent, seems fair?"
Come on, Turkish. Give a fella a chance. I can take a dive in the third round, easy peasy. Just like we rehearsed., "We never rehearsed fuck, Mickey. You just gotta win this fight. Clean and simple."
You ain't paying me? Are you taking the fuck piss? I won fair and square!, "Listen, there's been a mistake. The odds were wrong. We can't pay out that kind of money."
Listen, there's been a mistake. The odds were wrong. We can't pay out that kind of money.,"cracks knuckles Mistake, eh? Looks like we need to discuss the terms of this mistake a little closer."
Is it true what they say about you, Tony? About the squealer?., "What squealer? You gonna listen to all this fuck they come out with down the pub?"
What squealer? You gonna listen to all this fuck they come out with down the pub?.,"No offense meant, but some of the lads were saying you squealed on Mickey once. Got him done for nicking a car."
Alright, Gorgeous. Time to settle up. You owe me a lot of fucking money.,"Money? What money? Don't be daft, Turk. We never gambled. Just a friendly game of cards, that's all."
Money? What money? Don't be daft, Turk. We never gambled. Just a friendly game of cards, that's all.,"Friendly, my arse! You lost fair and square. Now cough it up before things get messy."
Are you sure about this Brick Top? This whole business with the stolen cash seems a bit dodgy., "Dodgy? What's dodgy? It's a simple transaction. They want their money back, I want a little extra on top. Fair play all around."
Dodgy? What's dodgy? It's a simple transaction. They want their money back, I want a little extra on top. Fair play all around.,"Just be careful, that's all I'm saying. These Russians are not to be messed with."
What the fuck was that, Tyrone? You nearly got us both killed back there!.,"Relax, would you? It was a bit hairy, I admit, but we got away with it, didn't we?"
Relax, would you? It was a bit hairy, I admit, but we got away with it, didn't we?., "Barely! And thanks to who? Me, for thinking on my feet! Next time, try following the damn plan!"
Alright, Sol. We both know you got the Antwerp diamond. Don't play coy with me., "Diamond? What diamond? I haven't seen no diamond, Tony. Honest to God."
Diamond? What diamond? I haven't seen no diamond, Tony. Honest to God., "Don't lie to me, Sol. This ain't a game. You either hand it over or things get very unpleasant for you."




